[FLINK-30824][hive] Add document for option table.exec.hive.native-agg-function.enabled (#21789)
apache/flink: docs/content.zh/docs/connectors/table/hive/hive_functions.md

We recommend users patch their own Hive to fix them.
{{< /hint >}}

## Use Native Hive Aggregate Functions

If [HiveModule]({{< ref "docs/dev/table/modules" >}}#hivemodule) is loaded with a higher priority than CoreModule, Flink will try to use the Hive built-in function first. And then for Hive built-in aggregation function,

> Flink currently uses sort-based aggregation strategy. Compared to hash-based aggregation strategy, the performance is one to two times worse, so from Flink 1.17, we have implemented some of Hive's aggregation functions natively in Flink.

Reviewer: If no specific scenario is given, it is best not to give specific performance results here.

> These functions will use the hash-agg strategy to improve performance. Currently, only five functions are supported, namely sum/count/avg/min/max, and more aggregation functions will be supported in the future.

Reviewer: for the fix length agg buffer, we can use hash-agg, otherwise sort-agg will be chosed

Another performance improvement is code gen

Users can use the native aggregation function by turning on the option `table.exec.hive.native-agg-function.enabled`, which brings significant performance improvement to the job.

<table class="table table-bordered">
  <thead>
    <tr>
        <th class="text-left" style="width: 20%">Key</th>
        <th class="text-left" style="width: 15%">Default</th>
        <th class="text-left" style="width: 10%">Type</th>
        <th class="text-left" style="width: 55%">Description</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
        <td><h5>table.exec.hive.native-agg-function.enabled</h5></td>
        <td style="word-wrap: break-word;">false</td>
        <td>Boolean</td>
        <td>Enabling to use native aggregate function which use hash-agg strategy that can improve the aggregation performance after loading HiveModule. This is a job-level option, user can enable it per-job.</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

> <span class="label label-danger">Attention</span> The ability of the native aggregate functions don't fully align with Hive built-in aggregation functions now, for example, some data types are not supported. If performance is not a bottleneck, you don't need to turn on this option.

Reviewer 2: Sorry for misleading. May be replace `don't` with `doesn't`.
```suggestion
<span class="label label-danger">Attention</span> The ability of the native aggregate functions doesn't fully align with Hive built-in aggregation functions now, for example, some data types are not supported. If performance is not a bottleneck, you don't need to turn on this option.
```

Author: Fixed.

> <span class="label label-danger">Attention</span> The ability of the native aggregate function implementation does not fully align with Hive built-in aggregation function now, for example some data types are not supported. If performance is not a bottleneck, you don't need to turn on this option.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<span class="label label-danger">Attention</span> The ability of the native aggregate functions don't fully align with Hive built-in aggregation functions now, for example, some data types are not supported. If performance is not a bottleneck, you don't need to turn on this option.
```
